Added a note about serialization (#2149)
vaadin/docs: articles/components/spreadsheet/index.asciidoc

--

== Limitations

The following limitations apply for Spreadsheet:

* No provided toolbars, menus, or other controls for formatting cells.
* Limited support for the older XSL format.
* Constraints built into Apache POI, such as importing and exporting Excel files.
* Using a table as a named range in formulas is not supported.
** As a workaround, you can manually convert tables to ranges. Open the spreadsheet in Excel, right-click on the table, select the Convert to Range action, and then save the spreadsheet.

> * While the component is serializable, Apache POI prevents using the `@PreserveOnRefresh` annotation for preserving objects, and therefore also blocks session replication with Kubernetes Kit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component is not serializable due to the internal usage of Apache POI. `@PreserveOnRefresh` and session replication with Kubernetes Kit are not supported when using Spreadsheet.
```
Stating that the component is serializable is technically not correct, so I would suggest to state outright that it's not, and why.

== Limitations
* No provided toolbars, menus, or other controls for formatting cells.
* Limited support for the older XSL format.

> * Limitations of Apache POI.

Reviewer: It makes sense to keep this as this applies to lots of other aspects of the component, such as importing / exporting Excel files.

Author: Thanks! Updated.

As a workaround, you can manually convert tables to ranges. Open the spreadsheet in Excel, right-click on the table, select the Convert to Range action, and then save the spreadsheet.

> * Serialization is not supported by Apache POI.

Reviewer: This could be a bit more verbose, as this doesn't imply that the component itself is not serializable, or why that would be a problem. I think this prevents using `@PreserveOnRefresh`, and probably session replication with Kubernetes (?) Kit, which would be helpful to mention.

Author: Thank you. I did a less "lazy" version :) please review!
